docs(setQueriesData): Make setQueriesData more searchable (#3244)
tannerlinsley/react-query: docs/src/pages/reference/QueryClient.md

## `queryClient.setQueryData`

> `setQueryData` is a synchronous function that can be used to immediately update a query's cached data. If the query does not exist, it will be created. **If the query is not utilized by a query hook in the default `cacheTime` of 5 minutes, the query will be garbage collected**. To do partial mathing of query keys, you need to use [`queryClient.setQueriesData`](#queryclientsetqueriesdata) instead. 

Reviewer: I find this more confusing than helpful. Most of the time, you will only update _one_ query. The reference to `partial matching` is also weird. What we could do is:

```
To update multiple queries at once, you can use setQueriesData
```

Author: @TkDodo I would not have understood the usage of `setQueriesData` from that sentence. I spent a lot of time figure out how to partially match keys and was giving up on evaluating react-query since such feature did not seem possible.

Author: the reason for using "partial" is for searchability. I could not find a way to do what I needed from the documentation since the word was not mentioned anywhere. I only found outdated usages from previous versions which made me think that the feature is completely deprecated.

Author: What about: `To update multiple queries at once and partially matching of query keys, you need to use [`queryClient.setQueriesData`](#queryclientsetqueriesdata) instead.` ?

```suggestion
`setQueryData` is a synchronous function that can be used to immediately update a query's cached data. If the query does not exist, it will be created. **If the query is not utilized by a query hook in the default `cacheTime` of 5 minutes, the query will be garbage collected**. To update multiple queries at once and partially matching of query keys, you need to use [`queryClient.setQueriesData`](#queryclientsetqueriesdata) instead. 
```

## `queryClient.setQueriesData`

> `setQueriesData` is a synchronous function that can be used to immediately update cached data of multiple queries by partially matching the query key. Only queries that match the passed queryKey or queryFilter will be updated - no new cache entries will be created. Under the hood, [`setQueryData`](#queryclientsetquerydata) is called for each query.

Reviewer: `setQueriesData` per se doesn't always partially match the query key. it takes a `filters` argument, and if the filter matches, the data will be set. You can use a filter that doesn't contain a query key. This is the general filters concept of react-query that applies to all functions that have a plural in their name, like `refetchQueries` or `removeQueries`. see: https://react-query.tanstack.com/guides/filters#_top

Author: the reason for highlighting partial matching is searchability. This part of documentation does not appear by any word that indicates there is such possibility. All the examples uses `setQueryData` and outdated examples indicates that it would support partial matching. what about `by using filter function or partially matching the query key`?

```suggestion
`setQueriesData` is a synchronous function that can be used to immediately update cached data of multiple queries by using filter function or partially matching the query key. Only queries that match the passed queryKey or queryFilter will be updated - no new cache entries will be created. Under the hood, [`setQueryData`](#queryclientsetquerydata) is called for each query.
```
